Installation scripts (#90)
electron-userland/electron-installer-redhat: README.md

MIME types the application is able to open, used in the [`MimeType` field of the `desktop` specification](http://standards.freedesktop.org/desktop-entry-spec/desktop-entry-spec-latest.html).

> If this option is specified, make sure to run `update-desktop-database &> /dev/null` as part of the `post` and `postun` scripts to refresh the cache database of MIME types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this option is specified, make sure to run `update-desktop-database &> /dev/null` as part of the `post` and `postun` scripts to refresh the [cached database of MIME types](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/NewMIMESystem).
```

Also drop the following sentence.

You can read more about refreshing the [MIME-type/application cache](https://fedoraproject.org/wiki/NewMIMESystem).

#### options.scripts
Type: `Object[String:String]`
Default: `undefined`

> Path to installation scripts with their corresponding name. The files contents will be added to the spec file.

Reviewer: Perhaps

```suggestion
Path to [installation scripts](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/packaging-guidelines/Scriptlets/) with their corresponding name. The files contents will be added to the spec file.
```

And then drop the "you can read more..." after the example.
